#Creating and managing your Purchase Orders
The Whistle Drywall App is designed to help you manage every aspect of your job and track what materials have been ordered to your job site.



Heading to the Purchase Orders module will open a page that looks like the following image.



Within this page, you can filter, search, and sort through your existing Purchase Orders.

Let's create a new Purchase Order.



Clicking New will allow you to choose between creating a Purchase Order from an existing job's PML Uploading your Budgets and SOV or creating a one-off Purchase Order, a use case for this is if there were materials that quickly needed to be inputted and ordered but we highly suggest utilizing the Whistle Drywall App's job ecosystem and creating PO's from your Job Product Master List.

If there are any issues with understanding the PML and PO process please consult your qualified Project Manager or any of our support staff for help.

For the following examples we'll utilize creating one from an existing job PML.



Clicking the second option will open up a popup window with a list of your current available jobs. You can also search via the search box if you have a plethora of currently active jobs or if you're inputting existing PO's from your existing systems that your Qualified Project Manager utilizes.

Select the appropriate Job and hit Go To Product Master List. You can also reach the same page within the PML module in your jobs.



You'll be able to view all the products that you or your Qualified Project Manager set up for the job.

You can sort and filter via the text boxes easily to locate the relevant materials for the purchase order.

For this example we'll locate the materials needed for Level 1 - Corridors.



This will allow the module to narrow down the results to the appropriate items and Products which we can then select.

Once we've selected the items we would like to create a PO for, the Create Purchase Order button will pop up.



Clicking the button will open up the PO creation page.



Enter in the relevant information in each field and select the Vendor that you'll be utilizing for the PO. If you currently do not have any vendors, consider creating a list of your vendors in our Vendor Management Module. Creating and Managing Vendors

The notes box can be utilized for any extraneous information that might be relevant for the job or if you have an existing PO system, utilizing this for your own knowledge is important.

Once you're satisfied with the relevant fields you may continue to the next section.



Within this section you can add any missing items to the PO but all the items you selected from the PML will already be selected.

You can also quickly add a new product if necessary from this section.

If you're satisfied with the items selected with the appropriate quantities filled. We can move onto the next section.



This will create an example PO for you that is ready to send to your vendor.
Take note that the PO number listed here is generated by the Whistle Drywall App so until you're fully nested within the ecosystem, please take note if you were utilizing an existing system prior to transitioning over.

If everything looks correct, you can save and close.



You'll now see your new PO listed within the module, from here you can view it and edit it, list it as sent, fulfilled, etc.

You can even save it or send it directly to your vendor.



Now you have a record of your PO's and you can easily track materials for your job.

We recommend utilizing this module and tracking your bills and invoices as well with the relevant modules. Create and Manage Your BIlls Managing your Invoices